Protagonist
1.
Name : Lonie(Female)
Age : 15
Race : Human
Ability : Sword mastery, Some basic magic(like healing)
Hobby : Singing
Like : Sweet, desert, cute stuff
Hate : Scary things, Spicy
Description : A girl who like adventure. She's short and has short blond hair. Her main weapon is long sword(got from her father while she was young)

Charactor story :


2.
Name : Lunar(Female)
Age : 16
Race : Human
Ability : Advance magic, Long range attack
Hobby : Sleep(mostly) / Drawing
Like : Dark/Silent place(To sleep), Lonie(Secretly)
Hate : Anything that wake her, God
Description : A girl who stick with Lonie since she got helped from monster(And secretly love her ever since). She's taller that Lonie a bit, Has long blue hair and she has
heterochromia(different eyes color with left eye color is bright blue and right one is pink red). Her main weapon is magic stuff.

Charactor story :
    In the small, unknown village, a girl is being watched by everyone from the village. "Demon," "Devil," it's a name that the villagers gave and call to her because of her heterochromia.
She always gets bullied and has at least a new scar after she gets home. "Mom... Dad..." Her broken voice still calls for her parents, but both her mom and dad are already dead since she was young.
She's interested in magic and starts to learn about it not long after she loses her parents. Many years pass... She masters most of the advanced magic.
She mostly gets tired after practicing her magic. At that time, she still gets bullied by the villagers by interrupting her while she's practicing her magic.
One day, when she gets into the forest to collect food for her dinner, she feels sleepy while traveling back to her home, so she takes a rest at the tree.
Suddenly, after she sits on the root, she gets into a trap that a hunter made to trap a bear. She's now hanging on the tree with ropes wrapped around her body.
She can't use magic or even move. She screams, "ANYONE HELP ME!" but no one comes.
After a while, a big monster with a big axe comes after her scream. She tries to move her body to get out of the ropes, but it doesn't work.
The monster is coming closer to her. She thought this is her last moment of her life. She accepts her death and slowly closes her eyes while the monster is coming closer to her.

    . . .   Suddenly, a monster screams in pain and collapses on the ground. "Rest in peace, Mr. Monster," a huge sword swings and cuts the monster's head in front of her eyes. She is shocked for a moment.
Suddenly, a monster screams in pain and collapses on the ground. "Rest in peace, Mr. Monster," a huge sword swings and cuts the monster's head in front of her eyes. She is shocked for a moment.
"I don't have a name," she responds. Lonie responds back, "Today's star is so beautiful, so I'm going to call you 'Lunar.'" At that moment, Lunar sees Lonie's bright hair reflect from the moon like a lamp that leads her out of darkness.
Lunar responds quietly, "Yes..." Lonie asks, "Where is your home?" Lunar turns her face away and says, "I don't want to go back anymore." "Why? Your family is worried about you?" Lonie says.
Lunar tells her about what she got from her village and about her family. "I'm sorry about that," Lonie says. Lunar nods. "What about coming and staying with me at my home?" Lonie says.
Lunar is surprised about Lonie's invite for a while. She responds, "Yes, take me with you." And then she always follows Lonie ever since. No matter how dangerous the place Lonie goes, she will go anywhere with her.

3.
Name : Linia, Alice(Old name)(Female)
Age : ???(At least 120)
Race : Half vampire-human
Ability : String mastery, Vampire magic
Hobby : Play with doll
Like : Blood, doll
Hate : -
Description : Lonie and Lunar were adventuring in the forest when they found a girl collapsed on the ground. Lonie tried to wake her up while Lunar tried to find any wounds she might have gotten from being attacked.
The girl's voice was quiet but still understandable. She said, "I... need... blood..." After Lonie heard that, she pulled out a bottle of blood and slowly put it into the girl's mouth.
Not long after, the girl woke up and her wings revealed her vampire form. She introduced herself as "Linia" and thanked Lonie and Lunar for saving her life. She asked if there was anything she could do to thank them.z
Lonie denied and took Linia to her mansion, gave her a few bottles of blood, and left. But Linia still wanted to thank them and hoped that she would meet them again.

Charactor story :

Others
1.
Name : Bett(Female)
Age : 37
Hobby : Drink tea
Like : Money, Tea, Vanilla cake
Hate : Anyone who say bad things about her, Empty guild
Description : She works at guild as Maid, Commission service and many things,She has (Can't think of her look just yet), Many people said she's kind but hard to get close.

2.
Name : Loyah(Male)
Age : 53
Hobby : Make weapon/armor, Play with his cat
Like : Spicy, Animal, Nelep(his wife)
Hate : Insect
Description : He's weapon/armor shop owner. He's really tall, Has short black hair, He looks scary but like cute stuff especially his cat

3.
Name : Nelep(Female)
Age : 49
Hobby : Cooking, Reading
Like : Loyah(her husband), Cooking
Hate : Fight
Description : She is Loyah's wife who love and take care every customer while Loyah is busy. She's quite short compare to Loyah, Has red short hair. Love Loyah the most <3.

4.
Name : Felept(Male)
Age :
Hobby :
Like :
Hate :
Description :

5.
Name : Pale(Male)
Age :
Hobby :
Like :
Hate :
Description :
